---
title: "Camunda Press - Berlin software vendor awarded most innovative solution for Business Process Management | Camunda BPM"

date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false

---
{{<press-single
title="Berlin software vendor awarded most innovative solution for Business Process Management"
text="Santa Barbara, CA | April 24, 2017 - Berlin-based software vendor Camunda has won the bpmNEXT “Best in Show” award for the second year in a row.<br> <br>The annual event in Santa Barbara, California is the world’s most important conference for BPM software vendors to showcase their latest innovations. Camunda was recognized for its new workflow automation technology. Conference attendees were impressed by the ability of the new technology to execute workflows at a throughput 200 times higher than that of existing technologies.<br><br>“The advancement in digitalization leads to a massive increase in complex technical transactions,' says Jakob Freund, Camunda CEO, explaining the motivation behind the project. “Traditional workflow technologies are limited in performance and scalability and new paradigms such as Microservices and NoSQL databases are less compatible with traditional workflow technologies, a problem our new product addresses.”<br> <br>Camunda was presented with the coveted bpmNEXT “Best in Show” award as a result of audience votes, a confirmation for Freund for the need of this new technology. “In Santa Barbara we have witnessed the BPM industry recognize the relevance of the problem at hand and our approach to fixing it. Naturally we are also proud to be the only software vendor to have won this award for a second time in a row.”<br><br>Camunda is currently testing the new technology internally with different data and a few customers in beta mode. The finished product will be deployed as an open source project in the coming months.<br><br><br>About Camunda:<br>Camunda is a Berlin based software company specialized in BPM (Business Process Management). The company's core product, Camunda BPM is an open source platform for the automation of business processes. Some of Camunda’s customers include Deutsche Bahn, Lufthansa Technik and Zalando. In 2016 Camunda’s revenue grew 82% and Camunda currently employs 70 people in their headquarters in Berlin and offices in San Francisco and Denver, USA.<br><br>For more information please contact:<br>Darya Niknamian, Content Marketing Manager <br>E-mail: Darya.Niknamian@camunda.com<br><br>Camunda Inc. <br>275 Battery St, Suite 2600<br>San Francisco, CA 94111 USA<br>Phone +1.415.800.3908<br><br>Camunda Services GmbH<br>Zossener Str. 55 - 10961 Berlin, Germany<br>Phone +49 30 664 04 09 - 00<br>"
date="2017-04-24">}}