---
title: "Camunda Press - Camunda offers a new solution for process improvement | Camunda BPM"

date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false

---
{{<press-single
title="Camunda offers a new solution for process improvement"
text="The Berlin based software company Camunda launched a new tool for process improvement. <br><br>Cawemo (www.cawemo.com) is a SaaS product for the collaborative design of process models. It supports the ISO-standard BPMN and focuses on usability, while also creating an optimal environment for teams to collaborate. <br><br>Jakob Freund, CEO of Camunda says “tools like Trello and Slack have started a new era of enterprise-apps. Now it’s our turn to introduce business process apps into this space. Whoever carries out a process, knows best how to improve it and with Cawemo everyone will have the chance to improve their own processes. The age of centralized process organization is a thing of the past.”<br><br>This vision also becomes clearer when looking at Cawemos’ price model: Teams with up to three members are free of charge. A charge of only 12 USD per user per month is due with the addition of the fourth user. In comparison to similar tools on the market, this price point is very affordable.<br> <br>“Our price model makes it even possible for smaller teams with little to no budget to design, communicate and improve their own processes” says Freund. Camunda wants to allow every project manager or team lead to use Cawemo without having to worry about time-consuming approval and purchasing processes.<br><br>Cawemo advertises the following features:<br>•	Designing process models in the cloud, providing unlimited accessibility, <br>•	Collaboration of team-members in real time and with the ability to edit and comment on process models, <br>•	Improve real life processes and workflows within the whole company by sharing the models easily and embedding them in knowledge management tools like Confluence. As soon as a model is edited in Cawemo, all shared and embedded versions of it are updated automatically. <br><br>About Camunda: <br>Camunda is a Berlin based software company specialized in BPM (Business Process Management). The company's core product, Camunda BPM is an open source platform for the automation of business processes. Some of Camunda’s customers include Deutsche Bahn, Lufthansa Technik and Zalando. In 2016 Camunda’s revenue grew 82% and Camunda currently employs 70 people in their headquarters in Berlin and offices in San Francisco and Denver, USA. <br><br>About Trello: <br>Trello is a web-based project management software operated by the Australian company Atlassian.<br><br>About Slack: <br>Slack is a web-based instant-messaging app for the communication within teams created by the us-american company Slack Technologies. <br><br>About Confluence:<br>Confluence is a commercial Wiki-Software developed by the Australian company Atlassian. <br>"
date="2017-05-02">}}