---
title: "Camunda Press - Camunda launches Zeebe, a new Open Source Project for Microservice Orchestration | Camunda BPM"

date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false

---
{{<press-single
title="Camunda launches Zeebe, a new Open Source Project for Microservice Orchestration"
text="Berlin, Germany | August 10, 2017 - Camunda, the Business Process Management (BPM) software company launches Zeebe, a new open source project for microservice orchestration. Zeebe allows users to define orchestration flows visually using BPMN, the popular standard for Business Process Modeling. Zeebe ensures that once started, flows are always carried out fully, retrying steps in case of failures. Along the way, Zeebe maintains a complete audit log so that the progress of flows can be monitored and tracked. Zeebe is a big data system and scales seamlessly with growing transaction volumes.<br><br>Jakob Freund, CEO of Camunda, says, “Digital transformation increasingly puts pressure on companies to innovate and scale their engineering efforts. Microservice architecture, the decomposition of large monolithic systems into smaller, more manageable pieces allows companies to achieve the necessary agility. Yet it remains a challenge to reliably and consistently execute mission critical transactions across these distributed systems and ensure visibility into processes. We have created Zeebe to enable businesses to leverage the benefits of microservices while staying in control of their operations.”<br><br>Internally, Zeebe is a fully distributed system leveraging event-sourcing, append-only persistence and replication. “Zeebe is a core innovation in Workflow Engine Architecture. When we started Zeebe we knew that we had to start from scratch and re-invent how an engine works to fulfill extreme requirements of scalability and fault-tolerance” says Daniel Meyer, VP Engineering.<br> <br>Zeebe can be used in combination with different programming languages. Clients for Java and Go are being developed as a priority with more to follow soon.<br><br>A production-ready release of Zeebe is targeted for the beginning of 2018. For more information about Zeebe’s capabilities and features, please visit https://zeebe.io.<br> <br><br>About Camunda<br>Camunda is a Berlin based software company specialized in BPM (Business Process Management). Some of Camunda’s customers include Deutsche Bahn, Lufthansa Technik and Zalando. In 2016 Camunda’s revenue grew by 82%. Camunda currently employs 70 people in their headquarters in Berlin and offices in San Francisco and Denver, USA.<br><br>For more information, please contact:<br>Darya Niknamian, Content Marketing Manager<br>E-mail: Darya.Niknamian@camunda.com"
date="2017-08-10">}}