---
title: "Camunda Press - Camunda Opens Sold-out CamundaCon 2019 | Camunda BPM"

date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false

---
{{<press-single
title="Camunda Opens Sold-out CamundaCon 2019"
text="*Preeminent Camunda Community event showcases workflow technology innovation, real-world case studies and business process best practices *<br> <br>__Berlin, September 12. 2019:__ [Camunda](https://camunda.com/), an open source software company reinventing workflow automation, today commences its annual user conference – [CamundaCon ](https://www.camundacon.com/home)– featuring more than 50 speakers from a diverse array of companies including LinkedIn, AXA, Lufthansa, Roche, Australia Post, and Deutsche Telekom, along with business process and workflow automation thought leaders and technologists.<br><br>This year’s event will be kicked off with keynotes by Camunda’s co-founder and CEO Jakob Freund and CTO Daniel Meyer, showcasing upcoming trends and key innovations in workflow automation. Additional keynote speakers include the award-winning BPMN author, analyst and expert Sandy Kemsley, as well as technologists Susanne Kaiser and Bernd Rücker, one of Camunda’s co-founders, who will focus on Microservices environments and how to establish best-practices in this fast-developing architecture.<br> <br>CamundaCon, an event created for software developers, enterprise architects and IT executives who want to learn about workflow and decision automation, takes place September 12-13 in the heart of Berlin. New to the event this year, Camunda has introduced a developer-focused track, with dedicated tutorials and workshops designed for workflow automation practitioners, led by Camunda product experts.  <br><br>“CamundaCon brings together the best workflow automation and BPMN experts, the global Camunda community and the Camunda engineering team” said Gottfried Sehringer, chief marketing officer at Camunda. “We are thrilled to see so many experienced Camunda users from all around the world to come together and share their expertise and best practices, present case studies around business process management, and discuss the latest advancements in workflow and decision automation technology.” <br><br>Keep up with CamundaCon using the social media hashtag __#camundacon__ and stay updated with daily news and blogs: [https://blog.camunda.com/](https://blog.camunda.com/)<br> <br> <br> <br>__ENDS__<br> <br>Press Contacts<br> <br>__International__<br>Jessica Jaffe, Jill Reed<br>Sift Communications<br>camunda@siftpr.com<br> <br>__Deutschland:__<br>Florian Bongartz<br>presse@camunda.com<br>+49 176 20250099 <br> <br> <br>__About Camunda__<br>Camunda is a software company reinventing workflow automation. Hundreds of companies including 24 Hour Fitness, AT&T, Lufthansa Technik and Zalando trust Camunda to automate core business processes to the highest possible extent, allowing their business to scale and revenue to grow without proportionally increasing operating costs.<br> <br>With its open source-based workflow automation and decision platform, Camunda provides detailed visibility into business operations across distributed systems, boosts system resilience and enables enterprises to overcome “big workflow” challenges resulting from digital transformation. One of the fastest growing companies in EMEA as ranked by Deloitte, Camunda is based in Berlin with offices in San Francisco and Denver, USA. To learn more visit: https://camunda.com/<br><br>"
date="2019-09-12">}}