---
title: "Camunda Press - PwC Partners with Camunda to drive Digital Transformations | Camunda BPM"

date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false

---
{{<press-single
title="PwC Partners with Camunda to drive Digital Transformations"
text="•	The professional services network offers Camunda solutions as part of stack<br>						<br>__BERLIN, April 29, 2019__ –– Camunda, an open source software company reinventing workflow automation, today announced that leading auditing and consulting firm PwC has joined the Camunda Partner Program. This program enables partners to integrate Camunda’s products and Enterprise platform into their offerings – supporting digital transformations for clients across the globe.<br> <br>With digital disruption driving constant business change, staying competitive in today’s environment necessitates smart digital transformation and workflow automation – employing platforms that can evolve with businesses as they grow. Indeed, the workflow automation market is expected to reach nearly $17 billion by 2023, up from $4.7 billion in 2017.<br><br>As a Camunda partner, PwC now offers clients access to an integrated platform for software developers and business stakeholders, covering all phases of workflow automation: from process design and execution, to continuous process improvement. Camunda’s stack includes a robust toolkit for modeling and executing business processes, coupled with powerful visual interfaces for monitoring and troubleshooting active processes and analyzing large volumes of process data. <br><br>“Remaining competitive in today’s digital world is a constant challenge,” said Jakob Freund, CEO and Co-Founder, Camunda. “This is why we’re delighted to partner with PwC, to fully enable clients from all industries to realize their digital transformation projects through workflow and decision automation.” <br><br>'We look forward to working with Camunda. The partnership will enable us to offer our clients a lean, flexible open source platform and help them automate their workflows and accelerate digital transformation,' said PwC partner Sven Kilz.<br><br>__END__<br><br><br>__Press contacts:__<br><br>Jessica Jaffe<br>Camunda | Sift Communications <br>Email: Jessica.Jaffe@siftpr.com <br><br>Sebastian Göb <br>PwC | Marketing & Communications<br>Phone: +49 211 9815189 | Mobile: +49 160 91748524<br>Email: sebastian.goeb@pwc.com<br><br><br>__About PwC__<br>At PwC, our purpose is to build trust in society and solve important problems. We’re a network of firms in 158 countries with over 250,000 people who are committed to delivering quality in assurance, advisory and tax services. Find out more and tell us what matters to you by visiting us at www.pwc.com.<br> <br>PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details.<br><br><br>__About Camunda__<br>Camunda is a software company reinventing workflow automation. Hundreds of companies including 24 Hour Fitness, AT&T, Lufthansa Technik and Zalando trust Camunda to automate core business processes to the highest possible extent, allowing their business to scale and revenue to grow without proportionally increasing operating costs.<br><br>With its open source-based workflow automation and decision platform, Camunda provides detailed visibility into business operations across distributed systems, boosts system resilience and enables enterprises to overcome “big workflow” challenges resulting from digital transformation. One of the fastest growing companies in EMEA as ranked by Deloitte, Camunda is based in Berlin with offices in San Francisco and Denver, USA. To learn more visit: https://camunda.com/<br><br><br><br><br>"
date="2019-04-29">}}