---
title: "OCEB Process Analysis Training & Certification | Camunda BPM"
description: "Get training & certification in OCEB 2 fundamentals. Camunda is the leader for workflow automation & business process management. Get your 30 day trial today. "
date: 2017-10-25T10:39:22+02:00
draft: false
contact: true
showSubNavCustom: true
mycontent: static
---
{{<training-single
name="OCEB 2 Fundamental Preparation"
namede="OCEB 2 Fundamental Vorbereitungskurs"
category="overview"
targetgroup="Business Analysts, Process Analysts, Requirements Engineers, Project Managers"
courseoverview="<p>Business Process Management comprises a collection of concrete methods, procedures and technologies to improve business processes. In this seminar we will give you an overview of this collection and at the same time qualify you for the certification according to the OMG standard OCEB.</p>"
agenda="<h3>Business Goals, Training Objectives</h3> - 8%<p>OCEB Business Basics from the purely Business Point of View: Business fundamentals, strategy, planning and goal-setting, project management, marketing, staffing, finance.</p>	<h3>Business Process Concepts and Fundamentals</h3> -11%<p>Fundamental aspects of Business Processes: Identifying (Discovering) business processes, characteristics of processes, As-Is process vs. To-Be process, Levels of business process modeling, Tying Business Processes to Goals and Objectives.	</p><h3>Business Process Management Concepts and Fundamentals</h3> -10%<p>Fundamentals of Business Process Management: Functional vs. Process-Centric Enterprise Organization; Styles of Process Management; Advancements in Process Management; Stakeholders' Roles and Responsibilities; Enabling Tools of Process Management.		</p><h3>Business Motivation Modeling</h3> - 16%<p>Business Modeling Fundamentals - Elements of the Business Motivational Model: Business Vision, Goals, Objectives; Means and Ends; Mission, Strategies, Tactics; Aspects of Business Modeling.		</p><h3>Business Process Modeling Concepts</h3> - 24%<p>This section is based on OMG's Business Process Model and Notation Specification™ Version 2 (BPMN™ 2). Attributes are not covered in this examination. Business Process Modeling Fundamentals: BPMN Basics; Definition and use of all BPMN Elements included in the Descriptive and Analytic Conformance Subclasses; Activities; Grouping Elements of a Model.	</p><h3>Business Process Modeling Skills</h3> -16%<p>This section is based on OMG's Business Process Model and Notation Specification™ Version 2 (BPMN™ 2). Attributes are not covered in this examination. . Business Process Modeling Skills: Most questions in this section ask something about a brief scenario presented either as a BPMN diagram or in a few sentences. All BPMN elements listed in the Descriptive and Analytic Conformance Subclasses are in scope.		</p><h3>Process Quality, Governance and Metrics Frameworks</h3> - 15%<p>Awareness of Industry Reference Models, and Quality, Metrics, and Governance Frameworks: This section covers its topics at an high level, allowing the candidate to demonstrate awareness of a range of industry frameworks that may prove either beneficial or, for regulatory frameworks, required by law in a project. Covered frameworks include the APQC Process Classification Framework, SCOR, Value Chain Reference Model, Business Process Maturity Model (BPMM), Six Sigma, Balanced Scorecard, COBIT, Basel 2, and Sarbanes-Oxley.		</p>"
coursegoals="<p>The 1.5-days seminar will optimally prepare you for the OCEB certification exam. At the same time we will complement the contents of OCEB with our extensive and many years long experience from BPM projects. Thus you will learn which contents are really important for your own practical use, what’s the status quo in practical BPM trendsetting and which subjects you should be prepared for.</p><p>The certification exam is not included in this training, but you can use the remaining half day in Berlin to take the exam in one of Berlin's many Pearson Vue Test Centers: <a href='http://www.pearsonvue.com/omg/' target=_blank> Pearson Vue-Testcenters Website</a></p><p><b>First-Hand-Knowledge:</b> We have joined OMG in 2009 as 'influencing members', and are also participating in the development of the OCEB exams.</p>"
prerequisites="Basic knowledge about BPM-concepts, BPMN-knowledge helpful but not essential."
duration="1.5 days "
certificate="Certificate of completion"
pricing="1490€">}}